- ♪ Aniplex ♪
c0000001
[bright piano music]
c0000002
♪ ♪
c0000003
- The beta test will end
in one minute.
c0000004
[exciting music]
c0000005
♪ ♪
c0000006
- [grunting]
c0000007
[shouting]
c0000008
[groans]
c0000009
[rumbling]
c0000010
[all gasping]
c0000011
[all shouting]
c0000012
- 30 seconds remain.
c0000013
- [grunts]
c0000014
- [gasps]
c0000015
- [grunting]
c0000016
[grunts]
c0000017
♪ ♪
c0000018
- [grunting]
c0000019
- Ten seconds remain.
c0000020
Nine, eight, seven, six...
c0000021
- [shouts]
- Five, four, three...
c0000022
- [snarling]
- Two, one.
c0000023
This concludes the beta test.
c0000024
- [grunting]
c0000025
- The game will have
its official launch
c0000026
on November 6th at 1:00 p.m.
c0000027
The developers wish to thank all
the beta testers
c0000028
for their help in its release.
c0000029
We hope to see you all again
at launch.
c0000030
[indistinct chatter]
c0000031
- I don't care what's
going on that day.
c0000032
I'm playing it.
c0000033
- [gasping]
c0000034
[dramatic music]
c0000035
♪ ♪
c0000036
[peaceful music]
c0000037
♪ ♪
c0000038
[grunting]
c0000039
[beeps]
c0000040
♪ ♪
c0000041
[yawning]
c0000042
[humming quietly]
c0000043
[giggles]
c0000044
- Good morning, Asuna.
Sleep well?
c0000045
- Good morning, Miss Sada.
I did.
c0000046
- Breakfast is ready
at the table.
c0000047
Your father
is even having some today.
c0000048
- Wow, that's a first.
c0000049
- Morning, sis.
- Good morning, Koichiro.
c0000050
- Good morning, Asuna.
- Good morning, Dad.
c0000051
I'm glad you got
to eat something
c0000052
before going to work.
c0000053
- [grunts]
Do you know what time it is?
c0000054
I thought I made it clear you're
to be at the table by 6:55.
c0000055
- I'm sorry.
c0000056
- How are things going
at school?
c0000057
- Oh, great!
c0000058
I got perfect scores on
the midterms
c0000059
in math and English.
c0000060
They're posting
the top-ranked students today
c0000061
and I might be one of them.
c0000062
- It would be a shock
c0000063
and a disappointment
if you weren't.
c0000064
- [gasps]
- I doubt the other kids
c0000065
at that school
of yours even took
c0000066
the midterms seriously.
c0000067
- Well, I did,
c0000068
and my teacher says
I'm doing great.
c0000069
I got all A's on my exams
in cram school, too.
c0000070
So I'm not worried.
c0000071
- [exhales]
c0000072
There you go,
letting your guard down.
c0000073
- [grunts]
c0000074
- As long as you're doing
your best,
c0000075
that's all that matters.
c0000076
On that note,
Koichiro,
c0000077
are you all set
for your trip overseas?
c0000078
- I'm all packed
and ready to go.
c0000079
- You're there to learn the ins
and outs of being an executive,
c0000080
not partying till dawn.
Got it?
c0000081
- I got it, Dad.
I'll be on my best behavior.
c0000082
- I hope you're not thinking
of taking your NerveGear.
c0000083
- Hurry up, Asuna.
c0000084
You don't wanna be late
for school, too.
c0000085
- Me and my big mouth.
[both laughing]
c0000086
- Thank you for the meal.
c0000087
[quiet dramatic music]
c0000088
♪ ♪
c0000089
Have a good day.
- You, too, Asuna.
c0000090
- Oh, hey, Asuna.
c0000091
You heading out now?
c0000092
- Yeah.
c0000093
- You're doing awesome.
c0000094
Just don't push yourself
too hard, okay?
c0000095
- I won't.
c0000096
I--I promise.
c0000097
[birds chirping]
c0000098
[indistinct chatter]
c0000099
- I can't believe it!
c0000100
Today I got the best score ever
on any test!
c0000101
- Told you studying
with Asuna would help.
c0000102
- We all did great.
- You're the best, Asuna!
c0000103
- I'm glad I could help
you guys with it.
c0000104
- Did you see your rank
on the board yet?
c0000105
You did awesome as usual!
- You made the top ten again!
c0000106
You're always in the top ten.
c0000107
- The reigning champion.
c0000108
- Actually, someone else
got better grades than me.
c0000109
- By the way,
c0000110
is it true you won't be going
c0000111
to high school with us?
- What?
c0000112
No way!
Really?
c0000113
- The high school
in our district's one
c0000114
of the best,
and you're leaving it?
c0000115
- It's what my parents want.
c0000116
I'll finish junior high here
but I'll be taking
c0000117
the entrance exams
for a college prep school.
c0000118
both: Wow.
- [giggles]
c0000119
- You go, Asuna!
c0000120
Keep this up and one day you'll
be running the country.
c0000121
- Now that would be awesome!
c0000122
[all speaking at once]
c0000123
- Good morning.
- [grunts]
c0000124
[dramatic piano music]
c0000125
♪ ♪
c0000126
[good morning.
c0000127
both: Good morning.
- Morning.
c0000128
all: Good morning.
c0000129
- Did you see the board?
Misumi's number one again!
c0000130
- I wish I knew her secret
to getting grades like that.
c0000131
- Why don't you ask her?
- What?
c0000132
No way, uh-uh!
I get nervous talking to her!
c0000133
- Hey Asuna,
c0000134
aren't you good friends
with Misumi?
c0000135
- Huh?
- That figures.
c0000136
I bet you geek out
over brainy stuff, don't ya?
c0000137
- Oh, well, I mean--
c0000138
- I bet you talk about
complicated issues
c0000139
like Japan's future
and global politics and stuff!
c0000140
[all speaking at once]
c0000141
[wistful music]
c0000142
[all gasping]
c0000143
[all shouting]
c0000144
- [grunts]
c0000145
[all giggling]
- Yay!
c0000146
[all giggling]
c0000147
♪ ♪
c0000148
[indistinct chatter]
c0000149
- [laughing]
c0000150
- See you tomorrow, Asuna.
c0000151
- Okay.
See you, guys.
c0000152
[grunts]
c0000153
[blows landing]
c0000154
[grunting]
c0000155
[grumbles]
c0000156
- I'll end your suffering now.
- [gasps]
c0000157
[grunts]
c0000158
Ah, I lost again!
[whimpers]
c0000159
- Your problem is you focus way
too much on defense.
c0000160
You should attack more.
c0000161
- Ah, but the commands
for my special moves
c0000162
are too complicated.
c0000163
[blows landing]
c0000164
- Hmm.
c0000165
I wish I could move my fingers
as fast as you.
c0000166
- You could if you play all
the time like me.
c0000167
- All the time?
Like, at home, too?
c0000168
- Yeah, and at the arcade.
c0000169
- Oh, right.
c0000170
[indistinct chatter]
c0000171
She's always in the top spot.
c0000172
Mm?
c0000173
- [grunts]
c0000174
- Misumi Tozawa.
c0000175
[indistinct chatter]
c0000176
- She wins again!
She's beaten everyone today.
c0000177
- Dude, that's gotta be
some kind of record!
c0000178
I can't believe
a girl's kicking so much ass.
c0000179
- Come on, come on, come on!
There, yeah! You like that?
c0000180
Gotcha!
- It's Misumi!
c0000181
[whimpers]
c0000182
[gasps]
c0000183
[laughs nervously]
c0000184
You did not look too happy
that day.
c0000185
- My cover was totally blown.
c0000186
I had no idea they were going
to stream the tourney out front.
c0000187
- Why do you wanna keep it
a secret?
c0000188
You're not the only girl
who's super into gaming.
c0000189
There are tons more besides you.
c0000190
- Well, not in our class,
there aren't.
c0000191
Maybe a few grades below us.
c0000192
- Then play with them.
- No, thanks.
c0000193
You're the only opponent I need.
- Even though my attacks suck?
c0000194
- Mm-hmm.
c0000195
[both laughing]
c0000196
That reminds me.
Did you see this?
c0000197
- Huh?
c0000198
The NerveGear?
c0000199
- Yeah.
- I know about it.
c0000200
Why?
c0000201
- They just released
a full-scale VRMMORPG
c0000202
designed exclusively for it.
c0000203
- "Sword Art Online."
c0000204
- Uh-huh.
It's called "SAO" for short.
c0000205
Hey, you wanna try it out
with me?
c0000206
It would be fun
c0000207
and I'd love
to play it with you.
c0000208
- I would but I can't play
it without a NerveGear.
c0000209
- Your dad's the CEO of RCT
so couldn't you just ask him
c0000210
to get you one?
c0000211
- [groans]
c0000212
Not with entrance exams
coming up.
c0000213
- Asuna,
don't burn yourself out.
c0000214
You have to take
a break sometime
c0000215
or you'll get sick.
c0000216
- [laughs]
I take breaks all the time,
c0000217
like right now.
c0000218
- Well you need
to take longer ones, darn it!
c0000219
So let's play another round?
c0000220
- Okay, I can do that.
c0000221
- Oh.
c0000222
Before we get started...
c0000223
- [gasps]
- I noticed your hair
c0000224
kept getting in your eyes.
c0000225
I can fix that.
c0000226
Turn your head.
- Uh, okay.
c0000227
I feel like I look weird.
c0000228
- You don't even.
c0000229
I'm almost done.
I just have to tie them back.
c0000230
Oh, yeah.
That looks cute.
c0000231
- You think?
c0000232
- There, all done.
c0000233
'Kay, turn your head a bit.
c0000234
[camera shutter clicks]
c0000235
- Wait, why are you taking a
picture?
c0000236
- Are you kidding?
It's my masterpiece.
c0000237
I'll text it.
c0000238
[doorbell rings]
c0000239
[knocking]
c0000240
- Koichiro, you there?
c0000241
[gasps]
c0000242
Oh, that's right.
He left for his trip already.
c0000243
[dramatic music]
c0000244
No way.
It's that game.
c0000245
"Sword Art Online."
c0000246
He got a copy, too.
c0000247
I bet Misumi's playing hers
right now.
c0000248
- It would be fun
c0000249
and I'd love
to play it with you.
c0000250
- Koichiro won't mind
if I try this out.
c0000251
[quiet beeping]
c0000252
Um...
c0000253
Link start.
c0000254
[digital beeping]
c0000255
- Welcome to "Sword Art Online."
c0000256
To start,
please enter your username.
c0000257
- Username?
c0000258
I guess mine will do.
c0000259
Asuna.
c0000260
- Next, create your avatar.
c0000261
Select your gender,
hairstyle, skin tone,
c0000262
and physical build
from the options provided.
c0000263
You can customize it
to the smallest detail.
c0000264
- Okay, this is overwhelming.
There's too many options!
c0000265
What's this?
c0000266
"Download a picture of yourself
c0000267
and base your avatar's
appearance on that."
c0000268
Oh, way easier.
c0000269
[shouts]
c0000270
Aww, Koichiro.
c0000271
Hmm.
c0000272
Mm...
[beeping]
c0000273
- You will now be taken
to the game's start point:
c0000274
the Town of Beginnings.
c0000275
We hope you enjoy
your adventures in Aincrad--
c0000276
the castle in the sky.
c0000277
[digital beeping]
c0000278
[mystical music]
c0000279
♪ ♪
c0000280
[indistinct chatter]
c0000281
- [gasping]
c0000282
No way.
c0000283
This is the game?
c0000284
Wow.
c0000285
It's so real!
c0000286
I wonder if Misami's here some--
- Welcome, Madam Swordswoman.
c0000287
May I help you with anything?
c0000288
- Huh?
c0000289
- This place is the Town
c0000290
of Beginnings Central Plaza.
c0000291
Weapons and gear are found
in the shopping district which
c0000292
is that way.
- Sorry, no.
c0000293
I don't need those.
c0000294
Uh, actually, I--I--
c0000295
I'm new at this and I need help
finding my friend!
c0000296
- You wish
to locate your friend?
c0000297
- Yes, please.
c0000298
Her name is Misami.
c0000299
She's the same age as me
and she's about this tall.
c0000300
- I'm sorry,
c0000301
there is no player registered
as Misumi.
c0000302
- But she told me she'd be here.
c0000303
- I searched again and there
c0000304
is no one registered
with that name.
c0000305
- Could you please try
her last name?
c0000306
It's Tozawa.
T-O-Z-A-W-A.
c0000307
- I don't think she knows
she's talking to an NPC.
c0000308
- Big time noob.
[both gasping]
c0000309
- Actually,
please try her full name.
c0000310
Misumi Tozawa.
c0000311
- Stop!
c0000312
- [gasps]
c0000313
- Do you have any idea
what you've done?
c0000314
Well, do you?
c0000315
- [gasping]
c0000316
- Oh, right, the mask.
Sorry.
c0000317
- [screams]
c0000318
Help!
Let me go!
c0000319
- Shut up.
It's me.
c0000320
- I don't know you!
- It's Misumi!
c0000321
- Creep, you're not her!
[gasps]
c0000322
[beeping]
c0000323
[voice becomes feminine]
- I'm Misumi.
c0000324
- Ah, what the--uh, okay.
c0000325
Maybe you sound like her
a little,
c0000326
but you're a guy!
c0000327
I'm trying to find
a girl named Misumi!
c0000328
Misumi Tozawa!
c0000329
- Ah, you blew it!
- M-I-S-U-M-I!
c0000330
- [inhales sharply]
c0000331
Stop yelling my real name!
c0000332
You should have let me know you
were going to log on.
c0000333
- Sorry.
c0000334
It was sort of
a last minute decision.
c0000335
Wow, it's sweet.
It tastes real.
c0000336
I still can't believe
you're Misumi.
c0000337
- I go by Mito here.
c0000338
- Mito?
c0000339
Why'd you pick that avatar
to play?
c0000340
- Intimidating
rogue-type characters
c0000341
are my favorite.
c0000342
- Mm-hmm.
c0000343
Well, it's totally different
than the real you.
c0000344
You don't look anything
like Misumi.
c0000345
- It's not Misumi!
It's Mito!
c0000346
[groans]
c0000347
[coughs]
c0000348
I have to hand it to you.
c0000349
You've got some guts.
c0000350
Using your real name
in game along with your face?
c0000351
I could never do that.
c0000352
- Yeah, well, I didn't
really know what I was doing.
c0000353
- Obviously.
c0000354
Oh, well.
c0000355
I'm glad you decided
to play this with me today.
c0000356
- Yeah, me too,
even though you look scary.
c0000357
- All right.
c0000358
We should get going now.
- What?
c0000359
Where to?
c0000360
- I'm gonna show you
the coolest thing
c0000361
about playing this game.
[chuckles]
c0000362
- Hmm?
c0000363
- We'll get you a weapon
c0000364
and go fight some monsters.
c0000365
- W--Wait,
I have to fight monsters?
c0000366
- Don't worry.
c0000367
The one around town
are super easy.
c0000368
- But you know I'm not a gamer!
c0000369
- Trust me.
You'll be fine.
c0000370
There are no buttons to push.
You just move your body.
c0000371
You're such a good athlete,
c0000372
you'll get the hang
of it in no time.
c0000373
- If you say so.
c0000374
- Wait.
Before we do that...
c0000375
May I show you the town, milady?
c0000376
It's the coolest thing about
this game.
c0000377
- [giggles]
c0000378
How many cool things
does this game have?
c0000379
[wistful music]
c0000380
♪ ♪
c0000381
- Are you hungry yet?
c0000382
I know this amazing little inn.
c0000383
It's just around
the corner here.
c0000384
- Wait, before we
do anything else,
c0000385
this game just launched today,
right?
c0000386
- Bored already?
- Mm-mmm.
c0000387
You just know so much about it.
c0000388
- You could say I've done
my homework on it.
c0000389
- Homework?
c0000390
- Oh, i--it's late!
I have to log off now!
c0000391
- But dinner!
- I'm sorry!
c0000392
I can't!
Maybe some other time!
c0000393
- Okay, no worries.
c0000394
- What are you doing tonight?
c0000395
- I think I'm gonna stay here.
c0000396
I wanna break this bad boy in.
c0000397
- [giggles]
c0000398
Thanks, Mito.
I had a great time today.
c0000399
I'll see you at school tomorrow.
c0000400
- Will I see you here again?
- Mm-hmm.
c0000401
I'll just borrow
my brother's NerveGear.
c0000402
[magical beeping]
c0000403
Uh-oh.
- What's wrong?
c0000404
- Hey, is there a secret way
to log out,
c0000405
or am I missing something?
c0000406
- There should be
a little button
c0000407
for it in your settings.
c0000408
Mm, I'm in my settings.
c0000409
There's no button there.
c0000410
- There's gotta be one.
c0000411
[gasps]
What the--
c0000412
That's bizarre.
c0000413
The UI's the same,
so it should be there.
c0000414
[bell gonging]
c0000415
- [gasps]
- Huh?
c0000416
[whooshing]
c0000417
[indistinct chatter]
c0000418
[bell gonging continues]
c0000419
- Is this a bug?
Are we supposed to report this?
c0000420
- They did a forced teleport.
c0000421
This never happened before.
c0000422
- What's wrong?
c0000423
- Look, up there!
[both gasping]
c0000424
[beeping]
c0000425
[squelching]
c0000426
[all talking at once]
c0000427
- Is that the game master?
c0000428
Why doesn't he have a face?
c0000429
- Is this an event?
c0000430
- Attention, players.
c0000431
I welcome you to my world.
c0000432
My name is Akihiko Kayaba,
and as of this moment,
c0000433
I am in control here.
c0000434
- Akihiko Kayaba?
c0000435
- What?
Who is that?
c0000436
- He's the person
who developed this game.
c0000437
- I'm sure most
of you have already noticed
c0000438
an item missing
from your main menus:
c0000439
the logout button.
c0000440
Let me assure you,
c0000441
this is not
a defect in the game.
c0000442
I repeat--this is not a defect.
c0000443
This is how "Sword Art Online"
was designed to be.
c0000444
You cannot log yourselves out
of "SAO" anymore,
c0000445
and no one from the outside
will be able to shut down
c0000446
or remove the NerveGear
from your head.
c0000447
If anyone attempts to,
c0000448
a transmitter inside
the NerveGear will discharge
c0000449
a microwave signal
into your skull,
c0000450
destroying your brain
and ending your life.
c0000451
[all speaking at once]
c0000452
Despite my warning,
c0000453
families and friends of some
of your fellow players
c0000454
have attempted
to remove the NerveGear anyway--
c0000455
an unfortunate
and tragic decision,
c0000456
to say the least.
c0000457
The game now
has 213 less players
c0000458
than when it began.
c0000459
They've been deleted
from both Aincrad
c0000460
and the real world.
c0000461
As you can see,
c0000462
the news has already
spread around the globe,
c0000463
reporting on the situation along
with the deaths so far.
c0000464
At this point,
c0000465
it's safe to assume
the likelihood
c0000466
of another NerveGear
being removed
c0000467
is minimal at best.
c0000468
I hope this brings you
some comfort
c0000469
as you try to clear the game.
c0000470
It's important you remember
the following:
c0000471
there is no longer any way
c0000472
to revive someone within
the game.
c0000473
If your HP drops to zero,
c0000474
your avatar will be deleted
from the system forever.
c0000475
And the NerveGear
will simultaneously
c0000476
destroy your brain.
c0000477
[all speaking at once]
c0000478
- [gasps]
c0000479
- There is only one way
for a player to escape now,
c0000480
and that is to clear the game.
c0000481
Currently, you're all gathered
on Floor One--
c0000482
the lowest level of Aincrad.
c0000483
You must find the dungeon,
defeat the boss,
c0000484
and you may advance
to the next floor.
c0000485
Do that for each floor
to floor 100
c0000486
and you will clear the game.
c0000487
- You expect us
to believe any of that?
c0000488
- No way!
A hundred floors?
c0000489
That's freakin' impossible!
c0000490
Even the beta testers never made
it that high!
c0000491
- [gasps]
c0000492
- And last but not least,
c0000493
I've place a little present
in the item storage
c0000494
of every player.
c0000495
Please, have a look.
c0000496
[menus beeping]
c0000497
- [gasps]
c0000498
A mirror?
c0000499
[gasping]
Huh?
c0000500
[both gasping]
c0000501
Mito!
[grunts]
c0000502
[all shouting]
c0000503
[indistinct chatter]
c0000504
[gasps]
c0000505
- Asuna, you okay?
c0000506
- Uh, yeah.
c0000507
Wait.
You're Misumi again.
c0000508
- [exhales]
You have to call me Mito here.
c0000509
- But look!
- [grunts]
c0000510
[gasps]
c0000511
- Who the hell are you?
c0000512
Me?
Who are you?
c0000513
- Son of a--you're a guy?
c0000514
- And you're not 17 years old!
c0000515
- What is this?
c0000516
Why would he do this to us?
c0000517
What's he up to?
c0000518
- Right now you're
probably wondering, "Why?"
c0000519
Why would I--the developer
of "Sword Art Online
c0000520
and the NerveGear--
do something like this?
c0000521
Ultimately, my goal
was a simple one.
c0000522
The reason I created
"Sword Art Online"
c0000523
was to control the fate
of a world of my design.
c0000524
As you can see,
c0000525
I have achieved my goal.
c0000526
This marks the end
of the tutorial
c0000527
and the official launch
of "Sword Art Online."
c0000528
Before I go,
take note.
c0000529
This may be a game,
but it's not one you play.
c0000530
I wish all of you
the best of luck.
c0000531
[squelching]
c0000532
[indistinct chatter]
c0000533
- [whimpers]
No!
c0000534
c0000535
[crying]
c0000536
- Get us outta here!
- Screw this!
c0000537
- We're gonna die!
c0000538
- I can't stay here!
I have a meeting after this!
c0000539
[all speaking at once]
c0000540
- [gasps]
c0000541
This can't be happening.
c0000542
- I wanna go home!
c0000543
- There's gotta be a way out!
c0000544
- This was just a game.
c0000545
[both grunting]
c0000546
- [gasps]
c0000547
- What are you doing?
- We can't stay here.
c0000548
- Huh?
- You heard what he said.
c0000549
The only way to log out
is to clear the game.
c0000550
So we have to get stronger.
c0000551
You level up
by killing monsters,
c0000552
and if we don't
start hunting now,
c0000553
these others will get all
the drops and EXP
c0000554
and it will take us forever!
c0000555
- Wait, what?
I didn't understand any of that!
c0000556
- It doesn't matter now!
Just trust me!
c0000557
Come on, let's go.
c0000558
[tense music]
c0000559
♪ ♪
c0000560
[whooshing]
c0000561
- [gasps]
- Stay back!
c0000562
[snarling]
c0000563
[grunts]
c0000564
[growls]
c0000565
[snarling]
c0000566
[growls]
Asuna!
c0000567
- [screaming]
c0000568
No!
c0000569
[snarls]
c0000570
[breathing heavily]
c0000571
- We have to keep moving.
c0000572
- [whimpering]
c0000573
Are you okay?
c0000574
- No, I'm not!
c0000575
Nothing's okay!
c0000576
This is totally insane!
c0000577
Who does this to people?
- Take it easy.
c0000578
- I have exams coming up!
c0000579
Why is this happening to me?
c0000580
- There's no time for this.
We have to go.
c0000581
- That's easy for you to say!
c0000582
I'm not a gamer like you!
- It's okay.
c0000583
- You know how to fight
c0000584
and what to do
'cause you're good at games.
c0000585
You'll survive.
- [grunts]
c0000586
- But I'm as good as dead!
c0000587
So get away from me!
- [gasps]
c0000588
- [crying]
c0000589
Hey, guys.
Wanna play today?
c0000590
We can beat that boss together.
[both groaning]
c0000591
Don't you wanna?
c0000592
- It's no fun to play games
c0000593
with you 'cause you're
so much better than us.
c0000594
- She's right.
We always die and you don't.
c0000595
- We're done playing with you.
Come on, let's go.
c0000596
- [crying]
c0000597
- Don't talk like that.
c0000598
You hear me?
c0000599
I know you're scared right now.
c0000600
But you have to trust me.
c0000601
I'll teach you everything I know
and you will survive this.
c0000602
We'll clear "SAO" together
and then we'll go home, okay?
c0000603
- [sniffles]
Mm-hmm.
c0000604
- You said it yourself.
c0000605
I'm real good at playing games,
remember?
c0000606
Then will you trust me
to protect you?
c0000607
[menu chiming]
c0000608
- What's this?
c0000609
- It's how players join together
to become a team.
c0000610
It's proof we're friends.
c0000611
- [laughs]
These games are so weird.
c0000612
We don't have to do this.
We're already friends.
c0000613
- True, but it's
the coolest thing
c0000614
about the game.
c0000615
All right, that does it, then.
We're officially a party now.
c0000616
Let's clear this game.
- Yeah.
c0000617
[shouts]
c0000618
[monsters screeching]
c0000619
[shouting]
c0000620
[screeching]
c0000621
[shouting]
c0000622
[screams]
c0000623
- You held back
on your attack again.
c0000624
[monster buzzing]
c0000625
If you want a hit,
you have to commit.
c0000626
[grunts]
c0000627
- That was awesome!
c0000628
- You can't really depend on
c0000629
the system's
motion assist feature.
c0000630
You have to also use your own
physical skills
c0000631
to boost the speed
and force of your sword skills.
c0000632
- Okay.
c0000633
[exciting music]
c0000634
♪ ♪
c0000635
[whooshing]
c0000636
[monster buzzing]
c0000637
[shouts]
c0000638
[beeping]
c0000639
I did it!
c0000640
- Way to go!
c0000641
That's an outside system skill,
c0000642
and the sooner you master that,
the better.
c0000643
- [grunts]
c0000644
[grunts]
c0000645
Power it up
and commit to hit.
c0000646
Hmm.
c0000647
Hey, why did you wanna come way
out here?
c0000648
There are fields around
the town.
c0000649
Wouldn't it have been
more convenient
c0000650
to teach me how to fight there?
c0000651
- In MMOs you fight monsters
to get the resources you'll need
c0000652
for the next fight
and to level yourself up,
c0000653
and having the right resources
will give us the edge we need
c0000654
to advance quickly and survive.
c0000655
The fields around town are full
of hunters now
c0000656
so there's too
much competition over
c0000657
the monsters that pop there.
- Mm.
c0000658
- I brought us out here so you
could practice your sword skills
c0000659
in peace and not have
to deal with all that chaos.
c0000660
Not many know about this place
c0000661
but it won't be long
before others come.
c0000662
We'll level up as fast
as we can here
c0000663
then head for the next town.
c0000664
- It's good you know as much
as you do.
c0000665
- Yeah, well, all these skills
and tactics--
c0000666
- Are the coolest thing about
the game, right?
c0000667
- Uh...
c0000668
[chuckles]
c0000669
[gasps]
c0000670
[monster squeals]
c0000671
Perfect.
c0000672
Feel like getting
some more practice in today?
c0000673
- Yeah.
c0000674
[whimsical music]
c0000675
♪ ♪
c0000676
c0000677
[monster roars]
c0000678
- [grunts]
Switch!
c0000679
- [shouts]
c0000680
[exhales]
c0000681
- You're leveling up
your sword skills so fast.
c0000682
And you sucked so bad
at fighting games.
c0000683
- I know.
Don't remind me.
c0000684
I guess I'm a better fighter
when I can move
c0000685
my whole body instead
of just a couple fingers.
c0000686
- Might as well keep going,
then.
c0000687
If we clear the dungeon today,
c0000688
we'll finish the quest earlier
than I was hoping.
c0000689
- Another empty chest.
c0000690
For once I'd like to find one
that hasn't been opened.
c0000691
- This dungeon might
have been picked clean already.
c0000692
- Wait, the whole dungeon?
- Mm-hmm.
c0000693
It's first come first served,
and that's that.
c0000694
Some beta testers must
have run through here before us.
c0000695
- What's a beta tester?
c0000696
- For about two months
before "SAO" launched,
c0000697
they gave a few players
early access to test it.
c0000698
[scoffs]
c0000699
They call those kinds
of players beta testers.
c0000700
They'd know where all
the chests are,
c0000701
so it's probably one of them.
c0000702
- Oh.
c0000703
- I know wall that 'cause I
was one of those beta testers.
c0000704
- Oh, so that's what
you meant before
c0000705
about doing your homework.
c0000706
[gasps]
Look!
c0000707
There's another chest!
c0000708
- Hold up.
- Why?
c0000709
- Don't be so quick
to open that.
c0000710
This dungeon is chock full
of nasty traps.
c0000711
- What sort of traps
are we talking about?
c0000712
- You could trigger anything
from poison arrows
c0000713
to a bomb and sometimes
the chest itself turns out
c0000714
to be a monster!
- What?
c0000715
- Since the beta testers decided
to leave it unopened,
c0000716
chances are it's a trap.
c0000717
Unless you have
locksmith skills,
c0000718
it's better to leave it alone.
c0000719
- I'll take your word for it!
c0000720
[distant weapons clanging]
c0000721
- [gasps]
c0000722
- I heard that, too.
c0000723
- [grunts]
c0000724
[clanging continues]
c0000725
- Sounds like
someone's fighting.
c0000726
- Yeah.
c0000727
- [distant screaming]
[both gasping]
c0000728
[both grunting]
c0000729
[both breathing heavily]
[distant shouting]
c0000730
- Hurry!
[grunting]
c0000731
They're behind you!
c0000732
[all shouting]
c0000733
[both gasping]
c0000734
- [grunting]
c0000735
[all shouting]
c0000736
[monsters screeching]
c0000737
- [screaming]
c0000738
- Where did all
these monsters come from?
c0000739
- That's where.
- [gasps]
c0000740
- The chest was a trap.
c0000741
- Come on.
Let's go help them.
c0000742
- Mm-mmm.
- [gasps]
c0000743
- If we jumped in,
c0000744
all we'd do
is get ourselves killed.
c0000745
- WE can't sit here!
[gasps]
c0000746
[weapons clanging]
c0000747
[booming]
c0000748
[monsters screeching]
c0000749
[gasping]
c0000750
[both screaming]
c0000751
- They'll spot us here
if we stay.
c0000752
We better get out of here.
c0000753
Come on.
c0000754
- [screaming]
c0000755
[weapons clanging]
[monster snarling]
c0000756
- [whimpers]
c0000757
[dramatic music]
c0000758
♪ ♪
c0000759
- [grunts]
c0000760
[door opens]
c0000761
- I'm back.
c0000762
- How'd it go?
c0000763
- I got all our shopping done.
c0000764
[beeping]
c0000765
[screams]
- [gasps]
c0000766
- [stammers]
- [groans]
c0000767
- I didn't think
that would happen.
c0000768
- This wasn't on the list.
c0000769
- [laughs nervously]
c0000770
It's cute, though.
c0000771
- Honestly.
c0000772
- Don't worry.
I bought the potions, too.
c0000773
The shop I went
to had everything we needed
c0000774
and then some.
[snickers]
c0000775
- It's called moderation, silly.
c0000776
You hear about it?
c0000777
- I guess I was panicking.
c0000778
- Because of what happened today
at the dungeon?
c0000779
- Mm-hmm.
c0000780
I can't stop thinking about
those players.
c0000781
- [grunts]
c0000782
- Do you think they really died?
c0000783
Like, in real life,
I mean?
c0000784
- That's what
Akihiko Kayaba said.
c0000785
- I still can't believe it.
c0000786
They just shattered like they
were some kind
c0000787
of special effect.
c0000788
Part of me doesn't want
to accept they're really dead.
c0000789
- Yeah, same with me.
c0000790
I thought I knew all
the ins and outs about this game
c0000791
but this is something that
I never could have imagined.
c0000792
I am clear about one thing,
though.
c0000793
No matter what,
c0000794
I won't stand by
and let you die.
c0000795
As for that party
we came across,
c0000796
they weren't being patient
or careful enough.
c0000797
If only they'd just left
that sketchy chest alone,
c0000798
been less greedy,
they'd be alive.
c0000799
- [gasps]
c0000800
- Well, I'm not like
those players.
c0000801
I'd never do anything
that would put you in danger.
c0000802
- [giggles]
c0000803
Of course you wouldn't.
c0000804
I know you'll always keep
me safe.
c0000805
- Uh-huh.
That's a promise.
c0000806
All right,
let's get this organized,
c0000807
and tomorrow we'll head
to the next town.
c0000808
- Okay.
c0000809
Oh, wait!
One sec.
c0000810
- [grunts]
c0000811
Huh?
Uh--oh, thanks,
c0000812
but you don't have to, really.
c0000813
I can customize it
in the menu.
c0000814
- Yeah, but that wouldn't be
any fun.
c0000815
- Okay.
- [giggles]
c0000816
- Don't make me look weird.
c0000817
- I won't!
Trust me.
c0000818
- All right.
c0000819
- I'm going to do your hair
just like you did mine.
c0000820
It'll be my way
of thanking you for that.
c0000821
- Huh?
c0000822
But I dunno if that's such
a good idea.
c0000823
Cute hairstyles have never
looked good on me.
c0000824
- Sit still and don't worry.
c0000825
- [groans]
c0000826
[dramatic music]
c0000827
♪ ♪
c0000828
- [shouts]
- [gasps]
c0000829
Are you okay?
- Yeah, just being clumsy.
c0000830
- Try to watch your step
from here on.
c0000831
We're about to run into
some high-level Nepenthes.
c0000832
- Nepenthes?
c0000833
Isn't that a kind
of tropical plant
c0000834
that looks like a pitcher?
- Uh-huh.
c0000835
They're people-eating
plant monsters in this world.
c0000836
Now that we're leveled up,
c0000837
they shouldn't pose too much
of a threat to us,
c0000838
but the terrain's tricky here
so watch your footing.
c0000839
- Got it.
c0000840
- There's also a special kind
of Nepenthe.
c0000841
It's got a round fruit on
its head
c0000842
and if you see one,
don't attack it.
c0000843
- Why can't I?
c0000844
- It's a trap where if
you kill the monster,
c0000845
the fruit explodes
in a cloud of smoke.
c0000846
That signals a horde
and then that's it for us.
c0000847
- Okay, I'll be careful.
c0000848
[gasps]
c0000849
Look.
Are those the Nepenthes?
c0000850
[monsters chattering]
c0000851
- Uh-huh.
c0000852
Remember, if the one
with the fruit shows up,
c0000853
don't attack it.
- Okie-dokie.
c0000854
[whimsical music]
c0000855
[monsters snarling]
c0000856
- [grunting]
c0000857
- [shouts]
c0000858
- That was a nice hit, Asuna!
- Thanks!
c0000859
If we keep this pace up,
we'll wipe 'em out in no time.
c0000860
- [gasps]
c0000861
No way.
A Spry Shrewman!
c0000862
[gasps]
c0000863
- We've got one heading
your way!
c0000864
- [gasps]
c0000865
[monster screeching]
c0000866
[grunts]
c0000867
[gasps]
c0000868
[groans]
c0000869
Asuna, can you handle these
for a sec?
c0000870
- Why?
Where are you going?
c0000871
- I just saw a monster
that almost never shows up
c0000872
on this floor!
It drops rare items,
c0000873
so I wanna kill it!
c0000874
- Go get it!
I can manage here!
c0000875
- Thanks!
[booming]
c0000876
[monster squeaking]
c0000877
[grunts]
c0000878
[grunting]
c0000879
[squeaking]
c0000880
[grunts]
c0000881
[shouting]
c0000882
[scoffs]
c0000883
[grunts]
c0000884
[exhales]
c0000885
[beeping]
c0000886
[chiming]
c0000887
Awesome!
c0000888
[gasping]
c0000889
[shudders]
c0000890
[booming]
c0000891
- [exhales]
- I'm back!
c0000892
I got the item!
- [laughs]
c0000893
Good for you!
c0000894
[monsters screeching]
c0000895
[sword humming]
c0000896
- [grunts]
c0000897
[gasps]
c0000898
[monster screeching]
c0000899
[gasps]
Asuna, stop!
c0000900
- [shouting]
c0000901
[screeching]
c0000902
[booming]
c0000903
[grunting]
c0000904
[beeping]
c0000905
[gasping]
c0000906
- Asuna!
c0000907
[grunts]
c0000908
[grunting]
c0000909
- [grunting]
c0000910
- Asuna!
- Mito!
c0000911
[grunts]
c0000912
- [breathing heavily]
c0000913
[grunting]
c0000914
[shouts]
c0000915
- [gasps]
c0000916
[grunting]
c0000917
- [groaning]
c0000918
[shuddering]
c0000919
[gasps]
c0000920
[beeping]
c0000921
[gasps]
c0000922
Asuna!
c0000923
[grunting]
c0000924
[beeping]
c0000925
[screams]
c0000926
[wincing]
c0000927
I gotta go this way.
c0000928
[monsters snarling]
c0000929
[grunting]
c0000930
[booming]
c0000931
- [gasps]
c0000932
[gulping]
c0000933
[gasps]
That was my last one!
c0000934
[monsters screeching]
c0000935
[shouts]
c0000936
[grunting]
c0000937
[screeching]
c0000938
[gasping]
c0000939
I don't wanna die!
Mito, where are you?
c0000940
[grunts]
c0000941
- [breathing heavily]
c0000942
[snarling]
c0000943
[gasping]
c0000944
- [shouts]
c0000945
[booming]
c0000946
[gasps]
c0000947
[breathing heavily]
c0000948
[monster screeching]
c0000949
You're the last one.
c0000950
[gasping]
c0000951
[monster snarling]
c0000952
- [shudders]
c0000953
[shouts]
c0000954
[breathing heavily]
c0000955
[gasps]
c0000956
Oh, my God!
c0000957
[all snarling]
c0000958
[whimpering]
c0000959
[gasps]
c0000960
[whimpering]
c0000961
No, no!
c0000962
I'd never do anything
that would put you in danger.
c0000963
I'm sorry, Asuna.
c0000964
I couldn't do it.
c0000965
I couldn't keep my promise.
[gasps]
c0000966
[sword clangs]
- [grunts]
c0000967
[beeping]
c0000968
Huh?
c0000969
Mito!
What are you doing?
c0000970
- [breathing heavily]
c0000971
I'm sorry!
c0000972
[monster roars]
c0000973
- [grunts]
c0000974
[gasping]
c0000975
[roaring]
c0000976
[squeals]
c0000977
[shuddering]
c0000978
[dramatic music]
c0000979
♪ ♪
c0000980
[growling]
c0000981
[screeches]
c0000982
[roars]
[gasping]
c0000983
[screeching]
c0000984
[blow lands]
c0000985
[gasps]
c0000986
[heroic music]
c0000987
[monster snarls]
c0000988
- [shouts]
c0000989
[monster screeching]
- [gasps]
c0000990
[gasps]
c0000991
[sword humming]
c0000992
- [shouting]
c0000993
- [gasping]
c0000994
- [exhales sharply]
c0000995
How's your HP?
c0000996
I got some healing potions,
if you need 'em.
c0000997
[gasps]
c0000998
c0000999
I can take you back to town.
c0001000
[grunts]
c0001001
[gasps]
c0001002
[menu chiming]
c0001003
Take as many of 'em as you need,
c0001004
and if you wanna go back
on your own,
c0001005
I get it.
c0001006
I got a map you can have
that'll guide you.
c0001007
Uh, I guess I'll see you later.
c0001008
- [gasps]
c0001009
[sad music]
c0001010
- Asuna.
c0001011
[menu chiming]
c0001012
[beeps]
c0001013
[shuddering]
c0001014
[gasping]
c0001015
Forgive me, Asuna.
c0001016
- [exhales]
c0001017
[breathing deeply]
c0001018
Huh?
c0001019
[menu chiming]
c0001020
[gasping]
c0001021
[gasps]
c0001022
[beeps]
c0001023
[groaning]
c0001024
[knocking]
c0001025
[gasps]
c0001026
- There you are.
c0001027
We've been looking for you.
c0001028
- Mom?
c0001029
- Dinner's on the table, hon.
c0001030
Come down and join us
when you're ready.
c0001031
What do you think?
c0001032
These are all
of your favorite dishes,
c0001033
so eat up.
- Congrats, sis.
c0001034
I hear ya aced all
of your exams.
c0001035
- We are so proud of you.
c0001036
Your mother said you got
the highest score on a few.
c0001037
- Well, she worked hard for it.
c0001038
Didn't you?
I'm so happy for you, Asuna.
c0001039
- Thank you, Mom.
c0001040
- Oh, I know.
c0001041
Let's buy her a gift
c0001042
to celebrate her getting
into prep school.
c0001043
- She hasn't even started
prep school yet.
c0001044
- Yeah, but she will.
c0001045
Hey, how about if we all take
a trip somewhere?
c0001046
- This gift is for your sister,
not you.
c0001047
- I was just thinking
it'd be nice
c0001048
if we all took a break
from work for a change.
c0001049
Have some fun together
as a family.
c0001050
I could bring my camera
and take pictures.
c0001051
[rumbling]
c0001052
- [gasps]
c0001053
[gasps]
Mito.
c0001054
- Goodbye, Asuna.
c0001055
- [gasping]
c0001056
[screams]
Mito!
c0001057
c0001058
[gasps]
c0001059
c0001060
[whimpers]
c0001061
[inhales]
I am still stuck inside here.
c0001062
[indistinct chatter]
c0001063
- Hey, you hear the news?
c0001064
Some players finally
leveled up enough
c0001065
to hit the dungeon.
They're gonna raid it soon.
c0001066
- We've been here three weeks
c0001067
and they're getting around
to it now?
c0001068
Ah, it's gonna take years
to clear this damn game.
c0001069
- Clear it?
c0001070
We can barely survive day
to day.
c0001071
So far 1,800 people
have died here.
c0001072
- [gasps]
[thunder claps]
c0001073
We're gonna die here, too.
c0001074
It doesn't matter what we do.
c0001075
[rain pattering]
c0001076
[aggressive chomping]
c0001077
- Before I go,
take note.
c0001078
This may be a game,
c0001079
but it's not one you play.
c0001080
- This is the new reality
for me.
c0001081
I can't choose the life I want.
c0001082
But...
c0001083
I can choose how I'll die.
c0001084
And it'll be on my terms.
c0001085
[menu chiming]
c0001086
[grunts]
c0001087
Even if I end up getting killed
by a monster,
c0001088
I won't let this game--
this world--beat me.
c0001089
[exciting music]
c0001090
[monster snarling]
c0001091
♪ ♪
c0001092
[grunting]
c0001093
[breathing heavily]
c0001094
[monsters roaring]
c0001095
[grunting]
c0001096
[winces]
[monster snarls]
c0001097
[shouts]
c0001098
[snarls]
c0001099
[shouts]
c0001100
[grunts]
c0001101
[groans]
c0001102
[breathing heavily]
c0001103
- That last move was overkill.
c0001104
A total waste of energy.
c0001105
That kobold was almost dead
after your first Linear.
c0001106
- It's that boy.
c0001107
- You could have killed it easy
with a normal skill instead
c0001108
of that big ass sword skill
you unloaded.
c0001109
- He doesn't recognize me.
c0001110
There's no rule against
fighting hard.
c0001111
- No, but now you're dead
on your feet.
c0001112
You should fight
more efficiently
c0001113
or you'll never make it back.
- [gasps]
c0001114
Make it back?
c0001115
- Yeah, it's gonna
take you about
c0001116
an hour or so to get out
of this dungeon
c0001117
and if you survive that,
c0001118
the nearest town's half
an hour away.
c0001119
You make way more mistakes
when you're tired.
c0001120
And since you play solo,
c0001121
you've got no backup
if you make a mistake.
c0001122
One wrong move is all
it takes and you're dead.
c0001123
- Well, you don't have
to worry about it.
c0001124
I'm not going back.
c0001125
- Wait, you're not?
Seriously?
c0001126
But, like, what about
stocking up on potions
c0001127
and fixing your gear?
And sleep, you--
c0001128
- If I don't get hit,
I won't need more potions.
c0001129
And I've got five
of the same sword
c0001130
in my storage.
c0001131
If I need sleep,
there's a safe zone.
c0001132
- How many hours have you been
in here?
c0001133
- For three days... four.
c0001134
What to you care?
c0001135
- Hey, if you keep on fighting
c0001136
like you're doing,
you'll die.
c0001137
- So what?
We're all gonna die.
c0001138
We've been here a month
and almost 2,000 have.
c0001139
One month and no one's cleared
Floor One yet.
c0001140
We're not getting out
of this game alive.
c0001141
So who cares when we die?
c0001142
Now?
Later?
c0001143
Whatev--
[thuds]
c0001144
[birds chirping]
c0001145
[groaning]
c0001146
How'd I get here?
c0001147
[gasps]
c0001148
I didn't ask you
to save my life.
c0001149
- I wasn't trying to save it.
c0001150
- [grunts]
c0001151
Then why did you drag me out
of there?
c0001152
- I wanted to save
the map data you have.
c0001153
That's all.
c0001154
You said you were in there
for three or four days?
c0001155
That's a lot of time so you must
have mapped out a lot
c0001156
of unexplored areas.
c0001157
It'd be a waste if you died
c0001158
and all that info disappeared
with you.
c0001159
- [grunts]
c0001160
You can have it, then.
c0001161
[menu chiming]
c0001162
There.
Enjoy.
c0001163
- Hold it, fencer.
c0001164
Ultimately, the goal
of all your aggro grinding
c0001165
is clearing the game, right?
c0001166
Not dying alone
in a dungeon?
c0001167
If so, you might want
to show up
c0001168
at the meeting later on today.
c0001169
- What meeting?
c0001170
- It's in Tolbana.
c0001171
A bunch of players
are getting' together
c0001172
to talk about doin' a raid
on the floor boss.
c0001173
[indistinct chatter]
c0001174
- There's so many of them.
c0001175
All for the sake
of clearing the game.
c0001176
- I don't know about that.
c0001177
- Huh?
c0001178
- A few of them
are here 'cause they're willing
c0001179
to sacrifice themselves
for the sake of everyone else
c0001180
but I can already tell some
of them are here
c0001181
for the same reason as me.
c0001182
They're scared of missing out
and bein' left in the dust.
c0001183
- Left in the dust?
By what?
c0001184
- Front line,
that's what.
c0001185
I'm scared of dying,
same as anyone.
c0001186
What scares me more
is being left out
c0001187
as someone else kills the boss.
c0001188
- So is that, like, wanting
to stay in the top ten in class
c0001189
or ranking above
the 70th percentile?
c0001190
Is that the same kind
of motivation?
c0001191
- Yeah, sure.
c0001192
I guess?
c0001193
- [laughs]
- [grunts]
c0001194
- Okay, people!
c0001195
Now that everyone's here,
c0001196
let's get this meeting started.
c0001197
First, I'd like to thank you all
for taking time out
c0001198
of your day to come.
c0001199
My name's Diabel,
c0001200
and the job I rolled
in this game is a knight.
c0001201
[all laughing]
c0001202
- Dude,
there's no job system anymore!
c0001203
- Please, you need
to hear me out.
c0001204
- Today my party discovered
the boss room
c0001205
at the top of the tower.
c0001206
[all whispering]
c0001207
If we defeat the boss together
and advance to Floor Two,
c0001208
it means there's hope.
c0001209
We'll be proving to everyone
in the Town of Beginnings
c0001210
that it is possible
to beat this death game.
c0001211
It's our duty as the strongest
to lead everyone home.
c0001212
Do you agree or not?
c0001213
[chatter and applause]
c0001214
I'm glad to hear you're
with me on this.
c0001215
And now I'll talk about
how we'll beat the boss.
c0001216
For starters, we have
to team up into parties of six.
c0001217
- [gasping]
c0001218
- A single party won't stand
a chance against a floor boss,
c0001219
so we need a raid group
of multiple parties.
c0001220
[indistinct chatter]
c0001221
- [exhales]
c0001222
- You got left out, too, huh?
- [gasps]
c0001223
I didn't wanna be pushy.
c0001224
They all seem
to be friends already.
c0001225
- Okay, how 'bout we form
a party?
c0001226
- Ah--
- You heard what the guy said.
c0001227
We can't beat
the boss on our own,
c0001228
and it would just be
for this fight.
c0001229
- Mm-hmm.
c0001230
[menu chiming]
c0001231
Ah--
c0001232
[exhales]
c0001233
[beeps]
c0001234
- All right, now that
we have that out of the way,
c0001235
we should--
- Hold up a sec!
c0001236
- Hmm?
c0001237
- My name's Kibaou.
Got that?
c0001238
And before you keep goin',
c0001239
I wanna get somethin'
off my chest!
c0001240
Some of us here need
to step up and apologize
c0001241
to the 2,000 that died already!
c0001242
[all gasping]
c0001243
- Hang on, Kibaou.
c0001244
Just so everyone's clear
who you mean,
c0001245
you're talking about those
who were ex-beta testers.
c0001246
Is that right or--
- You're damn right I mean them!
c0001247
The day this stupid
ass game started,
c0001248
the beta guys just up
and vanished!
c0001249
They ditched all us beginners!
c0001250
They snagged
the good hunting spots
c0001251
and all the easy quests, too!
- [gasps]
c0001252
- While they leveled up,
c0001253
they ignored us
and let us suffer!
c0001254
I know there's some here!
c0001255
So come on out,
ya cowards!
c0001256
We should make 'em apologize
and give up all their money
c0001257
and the items they got!
c0001258
Till they do that,
c0001259
they can't expect us
to trust 'em!
c0001260
Why the hell should we?
c0001261
- Can I say somethin'?
[all gasping]
c0001262
I'm Agil.
Nice to meet you.
c0001263
Kibaou, right?
c0001264
I wanna make sure
I'm getting' this straight.
c0001265
You say all the dead players
are the beta testers' fault
c0001266
'cause they didn't help 'em out
at all,
c0001267
and 'cause of that you want 'em
to apologize
c0001268
and give up their loot.
That right?
c0001269
- Yeah, that's right.
c0001270
- Got one?
It's free at the item store.
c0001271
They've been handing these
guide books out to everybody.
c0001272
- Sure, I got one.
So what about it?
c0001273
- And you know who put all
this info together?
c0001274
The beta testers, that's who.
- [grunts]
c0001275
- It's true.
c0001276
Everybody had equal access
to this info.
c0001277
Even so,
lots of players still died.
c0001278
I didn't come here
to point fingers.
c0001279
I'm here to find out how
to kill the boss.
c0001280
So let's learn
from past mistakes,
c0001281
bury the hatchet,
and get to work.
c0001282
- [scoffs]
c0001283
- Okay, let's try
to stay on track from here on.
c0001284
Everything we need to know about
the boss is in the guide book
c0001285
you just heard about.
c0001286
If you don't have it,
get it.
c0001287
To start with,
c0001288
the book says the boss's name
c0001289
is Illfang the Kobold Lord.
c0001290
When we're in his chamber,
c0001291
he'll be surrounded
by minions which
c0001292
are called
Ruin Kobold Sentinels.
c0001293
Illfang carries an ax
and a buckler.
c0001294
He has four health bars,
and when the last one turns red,
c0001295
he switches to
a heavy sword called a talwar.
c0001296
He can also change
his attack patterns.
c0001297
[indistinct chatter]
c0001298
That's all
the information we have.
c0001299
Now, regarding how loot
is to be distributed,
c0001300
money will be divided equally
among everyone.
c0001301
The party that defeats
the boss gets the EXP,
c0001302
and whoever gets
an item keeps it.
c0001303
Does that sound good?
c0001304
All right, we head out tomorrow
at 10:00 in the morning.
c0001305
Meeting adjourned, people!
c0001306
[all speaking at once]
c0001307
[dramatic music]
c0001308
♪ ♪
c0001309
- Mito.
c0001310
[all cheering]
c0001311
[upbeat music]
c0001312
♪ ♪
c0001313
[chomping]
c0001314
- That bread's tasty, isn't it?
- [grunts]
c0001315
- Is it cool if I sit with you?
c0001316
[chomps]
c0001317
[grunting]
c0001318
- Do you really think
this bread's tasty?
c0001319
- [gulps]
c0001320
Mm-hmm.
c0001321
Since I came to this town
c0001322
I end up eating
at least one a day.
c0001323
'Course, I got a trick
to make it taste better.
c0001324
- What trick?
c0001325
- Try it with some
of that on it.
c0001326
[beeps]
- [gasps]
c0001327
[whimpers]
c0001328
[beeping]
c0001329
Cream.
c0001330
[beeps]
c0001331
- [chomps]
- [grunts]
c0001332
[whimpering]
c0001333
[gasping]
c0001334
[harp music]
c0001335
[gasping]
c0001336
Ah!
c0001337
[rapid chomping]
c0001338
Ah.
c0001339
Uh--
[gasps]
c0001340
[whimpers]
Thanks for sharing that.
c0001341
- [chuckles]
It's pretty good, huh?
c0001342
[chomps]
c0001343
It's from
"The Heifer Strikes Back--"
c0001344
the quest in the last village.
c0001345
Wanna know how to get it?
c0001346
- I appreciate the offer,
c0001347
but I didn't come to this town
to eat good food.
c0001348
- Okay, then why did
you come here?
c0001349
- I didn't wanna lock myself
in a room
c0001350
and slowly rot away.
c0001351
I'd rather live
on my own terms till the end.
c0001352
Then if a monster did kill me,
c0001353
I didn't lose to this game
or this world.
c0001354
That's why.
c0001355
- I wouldn't want
a party member dying on me.
c0001356
So I wanna make sure
you're ready.
c0001357
Since we haven't been
a team before,
c0001358
we should figure out how
c0001359
to work together during
the raid.
c0001360
You have time to go over it now?
c0001361
- Do we have
to talk about it out here?
c0001362
- We could go to a bar
or get a table at an inn.
c0001363
- I--I don't want people
to see us
c0001364
and get the wrong idea.
- [chuckles]
c0001365
If privacy's what you want,
you got it.
c0001366
The place I'm renting
is the second floor
c0001367
of an NPC's farmhouse.
c0001368
It's got two rooms and all
the milk you can drink.
c0001369
The bed's ginormous,
the view's awesome,
c0001370
and it's got a bathtub
with hot running--
c0001371
[shouts]
- [grunts]
c0001372
What did you say?
c0001373
- The milk's all you can drink?
c0001374
- No, after that.
c0001375
- G--Ginormous bed,
awesome view?
c0001376
- After that!
c0001377
- I--It has a bathtub?
c0001378
- Take me there now!
- [wincing]
c0001379
- And let me use your bath?
- [exhales]
c0001380
- Please?
- Yeah.
c0001381
S--Sure.
c0001382
- [gasps]
c0001383
It's beautiful!
c0001384
It's the most gorgeous bathtub
I've ever seen!
c0001385
- Yeah, isn't it?
c0001386
[laughs nervously]
Have fun!
c0001387
[door creaks]
c0001388
- And there's no lock.
c0001389
Oh, whatever.
I don't care.
c0001390
[menu chiming]
c0001391
[wistful music]
c0001392
♪ ♪
c0001393
[gasps]
c0001394
[exhales sharply]
c0001395
[splashing]
c0001396
[exhales]
c0001397
If I died in battle tomorrow,
c0001398
I'd have absolutely no regrets.
c0001399
I'd miss the rye bun
with cream, though.
c0001400
It'd be nice
to have that again before I die.
c0001401
- [spitting]
c0001402
Well, how was it?
c0001403
- Why are you lurking
over there?
c0001404
- No, I was--
c0001405
[exhales]
c0001406
- You were--
- Getting tea.
c0001407
That's it.
- Mm-hmm.
c0001408
[menu chiming]
c0001409
- Before we get started,
c0001410
I wanna give you this rapier.
c0001411
It was a drop I got,
but I'm never gonna use it.
c0001412
Come on.
Let's go.
c0001413
- Go where?
c0001414
- The blacksmith.
c0001415
But we have to hurry
c0001416
'cause they'll be closing soon.
c0001417
[crickets chirping]
c0001418
It's leveled up
to plus four now.
c0001419
That's a way better weapon than
the one you've been using.
c0001420
- Why are you doing this?
c0001421
- We're goin' on
a raid tomorrow.
c0001422
I'm just making sure you have
the right gear for the job.
c0001423
- You didn't have to go
to all this trouble.
c0001424
- Like I said.
c0001425
I don't want my party member
dyin' on me.
c0001426
I wish we had time
to hunt down some rare gear,
c0001427
but we'll be okay
with what we go.
c0001428
I have a couple ideas
about dealing with this boss.
c0001429
We can talk about 'em
when we get back.
c0001430
- Hey.
c0001431
- Hmm?
- Back at the meeting today.
c0001432
Remember how angry everyone
got about the beta testers?
c0001433
- Uh, yeah.
- Are they right?
c0001434
- Huh?
c0001435
- Are all beta testers bad?
c0001436
Kibaou obviously thought so.
c0001437
He accused them of being selfish
and abandoning everyone.
c0001438
But then Agil said they
put everything they knew
c0001439
in that book
and gave it away to help.
c0001440
Can these games change
the nature of a person?
c0001441
- Were you screwed over
by a beta tester?
c0001442
You can tell me,
if you want.
c0001443
I'm a solo player
so your secret's safe with me.
c0001444
- We were friends
in the real world.
c0001445
And in here, too.
c0001446
- I get it.
c0001447
They weren't just
a party member.
c0001448
- When she deserted me,
c0001449
she was after a rare item
from a monster.
c0001450
To her,
that was more important.
c0001451
- [inhales]
It's like our friendship
c0001452
meant nothing to her.
c0001453
[sniffling]
- About that monster,
c0001454
what kind was it?
- Huh?
c0001455
What do you mean?
c0001456
- Was it like an insect,
or an animal?
c0001457
Tell me anything you
can remember about it.
c0001458
- Well, it looked like a mouse
but standing up.
c0001459
- And what kind
of weapon did your friend use?
c0001460
Was it a rapier like yours?
- Uh-uh.
c0001461
She always used a scythe.
c0001462
- I get it.
c0001463
In the end,
"SAO's" no ordinary game.
c0001464
Our lives are on the line here.
c0001465
And in the heat of battle,
c0001466
when a person's staring death
in the face,
c0001467
they'll do anything to survive.
That's just human nature.
c0001468
I don't know why
she bailed on you.
c0001469
Who knows what anyone's
capable of?
c0001470
But when someone's
just kicking back
c0001471
and being normal,
c0001472
that's when you can tell who
c0001473
they really are inside.
c0001474
That's what I think.
c0001475
There's good beta testers
and bad.
c0001476
As for what kind
of person your friend was...
c0001477
I think you know
the answer already.
c0001478
- Do I know her, really?
c0001479
- I'm gonna show you the coolest
thing about playing this game.
c0001480
Don't talk like that.
You hear me?
c0001481
Way to go!
Don't make me look weird.
c0001482
Are you kidding?
It's my masterpiece.
c0001483
I'll text it.
c0001484
Wait till you see it.
c0001485
You look so good like this!
c0001486
- Mito.
c0001487
Thanks for listening.
c0001488
I feel better now.
c0001489
- That's good, then.
c0001490
One thing stuck out to me.
c0001491
It's how she said you'll clear
this game together.
c0001492
She could have bailed then,
but she didn't.
c0001493
I wish I could have done
the same.
c0001494
- Huh?
c0001495
- Um, your story reminded me
about something.
c0001496
It's sorta, like, related
to what happened to you.
c0001497
Kind of.
c0001498
- If you don't wanna
tell me now,
c0001499
that's okay.
c0001500
But maybe if we survive
the raid,
c0001501
you can tell me then?
- [gasps]
c0001502
[birds chirping]
c0001503
Let's go over it again.
c0001504
We're the support,
c0001505
so our priority is to keep
the boss's minions
c0001506
off everyone else's backs.
c0001507
- I know.
c0001508
- I'll attack first and use one
c0001509
of my sword skills
to knock their poleaxes up.
c0001510
Then you switch on in
and take 'em out.
c0001511
Hey, before this,
in the real world,
c0001512
you played these mo--
c0001513
I--I mean MMO games a lot,
didn't you?
c0001514
- Hmm?
Oh, yeah, I did.
c0001515
- When you went on missions
in those games,
c0001516
was it like this?
c0001517
You know,
like going on a field trip?
c0001518
- [laughs]
That's a new way of puttin' it.
c0001519
To be honest, though,
c0001520
it was nothing like this
in anything I played before.
c0001521
None of them were full-dive
like this one.
c0001522
To move around in them,
c0001523
you'd use a keyboard
and a mouse.
c0001524
Not all of them.
c0001525
Some you had
to use a controller.
c0001526
- Oh.
c0001527
Maybe this is what it would
be like if it were real.
c0001528
- What do you mean?
c0001529
- Think about it.
c0001530
If a fantasy world like this one
were a real thing,
c0001531
with swordsmen
and magicians going on
c0001532
an adventure
to kill some monster,
c0001533
is this how it would feel like
to actually go on that journey?
c0001534
Would they chat about
the mission kind
c0001535
of like how we are,
c0001536
or would they just walk
in grim silence?
c0001537
I'm just wondering.
- [gasps]
c0001538
They don't know
if they're heading
c0001539
for death or glory.
c0001540
But I guess if doin' quests
like this was the norm,
c0001541
I bet times like this would kind
of be like headin' out
c0001542
to a restaurant for dinner.
c0001543
They'd talk about life or work
or whatever, or maybe nothing.
c0001544
I have a feelin'
the longer we're here,
c0001545
the more we'll get used
to goin' on raids.
c0001546
Can you imagine this life
bein' normal for us?
c0001547
[scoffs]
c0001548
- [laughs]
c0001549
I'm sorry,
but I can't.
c0001550
There's no way
that's gonna happen.
c0001551
This world--this life--
is anything but normal.
c0001552
I can't see anyone getting used
to it.
c0001553
- [laughs]
Yeah, maybe you're right.
c0001554
But we've been here
for four weeks so far
c0001555
Even if we take down
the boss on this floor,
c0001556
there's still 99 floors
and all those bosses
c0001557
to go before we can get out.
c0001558
The more we repeat that process,
c0001559
the more normal it's gonna get
for us.
c0001560
- I don't know.
c0001561
I'm not as optimistic
as you are.
c0001562
I couldn't live the rest
of my life in here.
c0001563
To me, that's scary.
c0001564
Way scarier than dying.
- [groans]
c0001565
If you need somethin'
to look forward to,
c0001566
the bathtubs are nicer
on the upper floors.
c0001567
- What?
Really?
c0001568
- Yep!
c0001569
So let's kill this boss
c0001570
and get to the next floor.
c0001571
[dramatic music]
c0001572
♪ ♪
c0001573
- All right,
listen up!
c0001574
Whatever happens,
focus on the objective.
c0001575
Victory!
c0001576
[both grunting]
c0001577
- Let's go!
c0001578
[door creaks open]
c0001579
[clanging]
c0001580
[thuds]
[all gasp]
c0001581
[vocalizing music]
c0001582
[all gasping]
c0001583
[monster growling]
c0001584
Commence attack!
c0001585
[all shouting]
c0001586
[monster screeching]
c0001587
[both grunting]
c0001588
Squads A and C,
switch in!
c0001589
Squad B,
block those attacks!
c0001590
Squad C,
guard and get ready to swing.
c0001591
- [shouting]
c0001592
[groaning]
c0001593
[all grunting]
c0001594
- As soon as you switch,
c0001595
regroup and get
into flanking position!
c0001596
Squads D, E, and F,
keep those minions off us!
c0001597
- You got it!
c0001598
[monster chattering]
[grunts]
c0001599
[grunting]
c0001600
Switch!
c0001601
- [shouts]
c0001602
- [gasps]
c0001603
[grunts]
c0001604
They're respawning!
c0001605
[shouts]
c0001606
Switch!
c0001607
- Switch!
c0001608
- Five down!
[grunts]
c0001609
He's so fast.
c0001610
And strong!
- [exhales sharply]
c0001611
Good job.
c0001612
- Uh, you, too.
c0001613
- [grunts]
c0001614
- Yes!
One bar to go!
c0001615
[monster snarls]
c0001616
- Looks like that guide book
was right!
c0001617
- Squad C,
surround the boss!
c0001618
I'm going in!
c0001619
[snarling]
c0001620
[all grunting]
c0001621
- [gasps]
c0001622
c0001623
That sword!
c0001624
That wasn't in the beta!
c0001625
No, get back!
c0001626
Get away!
c0001627
He's starting a range attack!
c0001628
- [shouting]
c0001629
[grunts]
c0001630
[gasps]
c0001631
[monster screeching]
c0001632
[grunting]
c0001633
[all shouting]
c0001634
- [grunts]
Can't move!
c0001635
- [groaning]
c0001636
[roaring]
c0001637
[shouting]
c0001638
- Diabel!
c0001639
Hang on, I gotcha!
c0001640
[grunts]
c0001641
- It's up to you
to defeat this boss...
c0001642
For us all.
c0001643
[all stammering]
c0001644
[all shouting]
c0001645
- [gasps]
You gotta be kidding!
c0001646
- Aw, crap!
We're like sitting ducks here!
c0001647
- I didn't sign up for this!
c0001648
[monster roars]
c0001649
- [grunts]
c0001650
[grunts]
c0001651
[grunting]
c0001652
- I'm coming!
c0001653
- Hold it!
- [gasps]
c0001654
- You'll get yourself killed
without backup.
c0001655
You can't help her!
c0001656
- [groaning]
c0001657
- [gasps]
c0001658
- [grunting]
c0001659
- [shouts]
c0001660
- Thanks.
I owe you big ti--
c0001661
[gasps]
c0001662
That skill!
c0001663
- Switch!
c0001664
- [gasps]
c0001665
[grunts]
c0001666
[shouting]
c0001667
[all shouting]
c0001668
- Time to get some payback!
- Kill them all!
c0001669
[all shouting]
c0001670
- Wait!
c0001671
Asuna?
c0001672
Is that you?
c0001673
It is.
[gasps]
c0001674
[whimpers]
You're alive.
c0001675
[crying]
I...
c0001676
[gasping]
c0001677
That day I...
c0001678
[whimpers]
c0001679
[crying]
Oh, God!
c0001680
[gasps]
c0001681
- We still have a game
to clear, don't we?
c0001682
- [gasps]
c0001683
- This boss isn't finished yet.
c0001684
So let's beat him together.
c0001685
- I saw him use that
same ranged attack before during
c0001686
the beta test,
c0001687
and the only time
he used it then
c0001688
was when he was surrounded.
c0001689
- [grunts]
c0001690
- [gasps]
Asuna!
c0001691
- [grunts]
- Use this!
c0001692
It drops rare items,
so I wanna kill it!
c0001693
- This is what she got!
c0001694
[menu chiming]
c0001695
Thanks, Mito.
c0001696
[shouting]
c0001697
Switching in!
- [gasping]
c0001698
[grunts]
Wait!
c0001699
[roars]
c0001700
- [gasping]
c0001701
[shouting]
c0001702
- [gasps]
I--It's her!
c0001703
- Listen up, everyone!
c0001704
The boss uses ranged attacks
only when it's surrounded!
c0001705
I want all of you to fall back!
c0001706
Restore your HP and stand by!
c0001707
[roaring]
c0001708
[all grunting]
c0001709
Are you ready to kill the boss?
c0001710
- [gasps]
c0001711
Yeah!
c0001712
[both shouting]
c0001713
[monster snarling]
c0001714
[grunting]
c0001715
[shouts]
c0001716
- [shouts]
c0001717
[snarling]
c0001718
- [grunting
c0001719
[shouts]
c0001720
- [shouts]
c0001721
- [grunts]
So close!
c0001722
[shouts]
c0001723
No!
c0001724
[groans]
- [gasps]
c0001725
- [groaning]
c0001726
[whimpering]
c0001727
- [scoffs]
c0001728
[shouts]
c0001729
[groans]
c0001730
[whimpers]
c0001731
[monster roars]
c0001732
- [shouting]
c0001733
[stammering]
c0001734
- Mito!
c0001735
- [shouting]
c0001736
[grunts]
c0001737
[growls]
c0001738
[grunts]
c0001739
[shouts]
c0001740
[grunts]
c0001741
- [breathing heavily]
c0001742
Asuna!
- [gasps]
c0001743
- Fire up that Linear!
Let's hit him again!
c0001744
- Right!
c0001745
[roars]
c0001746
[both shouting]
c0001747
[grunts]
c0001748
- [shouts]
c0001749
[grunts]
c0001750
So close!
c0001751
Huh?
c0001752
- [gasps]
c0001753
[weapon clangs]
c0001754
- [grunting]
c0001755
- Mito!
c0001756
[gasps]
c0001757
[shouting]
c0001758
both: Switch!
c0001759
- [grunts]
c0001760
[shouts]
c0001761
[screaming]
c0001762
[gasps]
c0001763
[booming]
c0001764
[all gasping]
c0001765
- Yes!
c0001766
[all shouting]
c0001767
- [exhales sharply]
c0001768
[chuckles]
- Nice work.
c0001769
- Gotta hand it to you guys.
c0001770
That was some
damn good fightin'.
c0001771
Congratulations.
c0001772
Y'all make a hell of a team.
c0001773
[both giggling]
c0001774
- [gasping]
c0001775
Asuna--
- Bastard!
c0001776
both: Hmm?
c0001777
[all crying]
c0001778
- [snarls]
c0001779
You bastard.
c0001780
It's all your fault Diabel died!
c0001781
- What?
It wasn't my fault.
c0001782
- Like hell it wasn't!
c0001783
You knew about
the boss's extra sword
c0001784
and special attack!
c0001785
If you told us before,
Diabel would have known!
c0001786
He would have known
and he'd be alive now!
c0001787
[both stammering]
[all whispering]
c0001788
- He's right.
Why didn't he tell us?
c0001789
- Yeah.
- He totally knew about it.
c0001790
- None of that stuff
was in the guide book.
c0001791
- What the hell else
was left out?
c0001792
- Hang on.
c0001793
How'd he know about it
c0001794
if it wasn't even in the book?
c0001795
- Wait, let him explain!
- Hey, come on, guys.
c0001796
- Ain't it obvious?
c0001797
That guy was one
of the beta testers!
c0001798
That's how he knew all about
the boss's attack patterns!
c0001799
She's one of them, too!
c0001800
That's why they're
all leveled up!
c0001801
They snagged all the good quests
at the start!
c0001802
They took all the EXP,
all the good gear!
c0001803
- [grunts]
c0001804
- [snarls]
c0001805
- That guide book we got
from that Argo chick's
c0001806
a bunch of B.S.!
c0001807
She used to be a beta tester,
too!
c0001808
You think she'd give up
prime leads for nothing?
c0001809
They're all in it
for themselves!
c0001810
I bet there's more of 'em here!
c0001811
Come out, you scumbags!
- [gasps]
c0001812
- You cowards!
c0001813
- [gasping]
c0001814
[grunts]
c0001815
- [gasps]
c0001816
[grunts]
c0001817
I might as well tell the truth.
c0001818
- [laughing]
c0001819
I'm not just a beta tester,
jackass.
c0001820
[all gasping]
c0001821
So don't go puttin' me in
c0001822
the same league
with those noobs.
c0001823
That ain't cool.
c0001824
And F.Y.I., big mouth,
you're wrong about her.
c0001825
She was just following
my orders.
c0001826
She's a noob like you.
c0001827
- [stammering]
c0001828
- Truth is most
of the 1,000 people
c0001829
who scored a slot
in "SAO's" beta were rookies.
c0001830
They were so green they didn't
even know how to level up.
c0001831
Hell, even you dorks
are better than they were.
c0001832
- You asshole!
c0001833
- I'm nothin' like those guys,
man.
c0001834
During the beta,
c0001835
I made it to floors
that were higher
c0001836
than any of the other testers.
c0001837
That's a fact.
c0001838
And the reason I knew
what this boss was up to
c0001839
is 'cause I fought tons
of monsters
c0001840
with the same skills
on higher floors.
c0001841
I know a bunch of other things,
too.
c0001842
Way more than any info broker
in "SAO".
c0001843
- [gasps]
c0001844
Did you guys hear all that?
c0001845
You're worse
than any beta tester!
c0001846
For real!
c0001847
You're a cheater!
c0001848
A goddamn cheater!
c0001849
- Beta-testing cheater!
c0001850
That's what he is!
c0001851
Better yet,
call him a beater!
c0001852
- Works for me.
- Beater trash!
c0001853
- I bet the other beta testers
are just like him!
c0001854
- Damn beaters,
hogging all the info!
c0001855
- A beater?
c0001856
If that's the best you can do,
all right, then.
c0001857
Call me a beater if you want.
c0001858
Just don't confuse me
with the beta testers anymore
c0001859
and I'm good.
[menu beeping]
c0001860
When I get up to Floor Two,
c0001861
I'll activate the teleport gate.
c0001862
If any of you wanna follow me,
that's cool,
c0001863
but the hike
to the main square ain't easy.
c0001864
There's a mob hidin' in a field,
and with your EXP,
c0001865
you're good as dead.
c0001866
- [gasps]
c0001867
- Um, your story reminded me
about something.
c0001868
It's sort of, like, related
to what happened to you.
c0001869
Kind of.
c0001870
- [gasps]
c0001871
- Asuna?
c0001872
- Hey.
- [exhales]
c0001873
Are you coming back?
c0001874
- I'm going to stick
with him for a while.
c0001875
- [gasps]
c0001876
- I think I found it.
c0001877
My purpose here.
c0001878
And he's on the same path.
c0001879
There's hope.
I know that now.
c0001880
- [exhales]
c0001881
- Well, I'll see you later.
c0001882
- Goodbye, Asuna.
c0001883
[dramatic music]
c0001884
♪ ♪
c0001885
- [swallows]
c0001886
[door creaking]
c0001887
[gasps]
c0001888
[inhales sharply]
c0001889
Hmm?
c0001890
I thought I told you not
to come.
c0001891
- [exhales]
No, you didn't.
c0001892
You said it was cool
if anyone followed you.
c0001893
- I guess I did.
c0001894
- Wow.
c0001895
One thing bothers me.
c0001896
You called me by my name during
the battle.
c0001897
- W--Was I not supposed to?
c0001898
Did I pronounce it wrong
or something?
c0001899
- Pronounce it--
[stammers]
c0001900
Who cares about that?
c0001901
I never told you what
my name was,
c0001902
and you never told me yours.
c0001903
- How'd you know my name?
c0001904
- I, uh...
c0001905
wait, I thought you said you
were in a party before.
c0001906
- Yeah, and?
- Uh, well,
c0001907
didn't you ever, like, notice
the other HP gauge below yours,
c0001908
right about there?
c0001909
You see it?
It's, like, right there.
c0001910
- No.
c0001911
[grunts]
- If you move your head,
c0001912
the gauge moves, too.
c0001913
Keep your head still
and just move your eyes.
c0001914
To the left.
c0001915
- Kirito.
Kirito?
c0001916
Wait, that's your name?
c0001917
- Uh-huh.
c0001918
- No way.
c0001919
It was there all along?
Now I feel dumb.
c0001920
- No!
[chuckles nervously]
c0001921
No one ever told you about it,
is all.
c0001922
- [laughs]
- Uh--
c0001923
- [giggling]
c0001924
Thanks for that.
c0001925
In fact,
that's why I followed you--
c0001926
to thank you.
c0001927
- For the cream
and using my tub?
c0001928
- No, not those.
c0001929
Actually,
they are a part of it.
c0001930
The cream,
the bath,
c0001931
and so many other things, too.
c0001932
I feel like for the first time,
c0001933
I have something to strive for.
c0001934
Something to achieve for myself.
c0001935
- Yeah?
c0001936
What's that?
c0001937
- It's a secret.
c0001938
But I'll give it my all.
c0001939
I'll survive and get stronger
and one day...
c0001940
I'll get to where
I want to be.
c0001941
- [grunts]
Yeah.
c0001942
I know you'll get stronger,
and not just with a sword.
c0001943
You'll get stronger where
it really counts the most:
c0001944
on the inside.
c0001945
Hey, wait.
We both survived.
c0001946
So I have to finish my story
from last night.
c0001947
I can but I don't think
you're gonna like it.
c0001948
- No, I think I know it.
c0001949
You've been through
a lot to get here,
c0001950
and it'll be a long journey
c0001951
to get where you want to be,
too.
c0001952
Well, then.
c0001953
Shall we go?
c0001954
- [grunts]
c0001955
All right,
let's head out.
c0001956
- [gasps]
c0001957
[giggles]
c0001958
Lead the way, Kirito.
c0001959
- It looks like
the top two players
c0001960
in here have teamed up.
[chuckles]
c0001961
This should be interesting.
c0001962
[LiSA's "Yuke"]
c0001963
♪ ♪
c0001964
- [singing in Japanese]
c0001965
♪ ♪
c0001966
c0001967
♪ ♪
c0001968
c0001969
♪ ♪
c0001970
c0001971
♪ ♪
c0001972
c0001973
[dramatic music]
c0001974
♪ ♪